Add aggregate functionality for base layers (#384)
posit-dev/ggsql: doc/syntax/layer/type/line.qmd

## Data transformation
This layer supports aggregation through the `aggregate` setting. Within each group, defined by `PARTITION BY`, all discrete mappings, and the primary axis, every numeric mapping is replaced in place by its aggregated value to produce a summary trace. Use a default like `'mean'` to summarise the secondary axis, or target other aesthetics with `'<aes>:<func>'` (e.g. `'color:median'`). To draw min/max envelope lines, use a separate `DRAW line` layer per function, or use a [`range` layer](range.qmd) for a single range mark. See [the `DRAW` documentation](../../clause/draw.qmd#aggregate) for the full setting shape.

Further, the line layer sorts the data along its primary axis before returning it.

If the line has a variable `stroke` or `opacity` aesthetic within groups, the line is broken into segments. 
Each segment gets the property of the preceding datapoint, so the last datapoint in a group does not transfer these properties.

> This behavior is not compatible with aggregation.

Reviewer: I just tested this and it is more nuanced than this.

```sql
VISUALISE Day AS x, Temp AS y, Temp AS stroke FROM ggsql:airquality
DRAW line
 SETTING aggregate => ('y:mean', 'stroke:mean')
```

Above the segmentation kicks in with an aggregate because we're also aggregating `stroke`.

Author: ```suggestion
```

I think this is left-over from the initial prototype

DRAW line
  MAPPING z AS linewidth
SCALE linewidth TO (0, 30)
```

> Use aggregation to draw min and max lines from a set of observations on a single layer. Targeting `y` twice produces one summary line per function within the same layer, with a synthetic `aggregate` column tagging each row that you can remap to colour the lines distinctly:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use aggregation to draw min and max lines from a set of observations on a single layer. Targeting `y` twice produces one summary row per function within the same group. A synthetic `aggregate` column tags each row with the different function names, that you can remap to colour the lines distinctly:
```
This just confused me, and I think this is going on?
